How we forecast future technologies?

Ranking customer behaviours for business strategy Algorithmic trading for multiple commodities markets, like Forex, Metals, Energy, etc. Trading Bot for FOREX Python model for the analysis of sector-specific stock ETFs for investment purposes Playstore & Appstore to Google Analytics (GA) or Firebase to Google Data Studio Mobile App KPI Dashboard Google Local Service Ads LSA API To Google BigQuery to Google Data Studio AI Conversational Bot using RASA Recommendation System Architecture Rise of telemedicine and its Impact on Livelihood by 2040 Rise of e-health and its impact on humans by the year 2030 Rise of e-health and its impact on humans by the year 2030 Rise of Chatbots and its impact on customer support by the year 2040 AI/ML and Predictive Modeling Solution for Contact Centre Problems How to Setup Custom Domain for Google App Engine Application? Code Review Checklist Ranking customer behaviours for business strategy Algorithmic trading for multiple commodities markets, like Forex, Metals, Energy, etc. Trading Bot for FOREX Python model for the analysis of sector-specific stock ETFs for investment purposes Playstore & Appstore to Google Analytics (GA) or Firebase to Google Data Studio Mobile App KPI Dashboard Google Local Service Ads LSA API To Google BigQuery to Google Data Studio AI Conversational Bot using RASA Recommendation System Architecture Rise of telemedicine and its Impact on Livelihood by 2040 Rise of e-health and its impact on humans by the year 2030 Rise of e-health and its impact on humans by the year 2030 Rise of Chatbots and its impact on customer support by the year 2040 AI/ML and Predictive Modeling Solution for Contact Centre Problems How to Setup Custom Domain for Google App Engine Application? Code Review Checklist TECHNOLOGY is playing a dominant role in human life. And as in our daily lifestyle technology is used each and every place where human beings are present. so How we forecast future technologies?  So, the fact is that technology is not a single immutable piece of hardware orbit chemistry. It is simply knowledge of physical relationships and it systematically applied to the useful arts. This knowledge can vary continuously over time. It can range basic phenomenon can be applied to an end product, device, or production machine in a mature operating system. Even as time passes, the performance characteristics of any machine, product, or operating system are normally improved in small continuous increments over time. Advance in technology is usually nothing more than an accumulation of small advances not worth introducing individually to make a significant change in total technology. Forecast future technologies no matter how accurate – unless they eventually influence action. Newspaper is your news, entertainment, music fashion website. We provide you with the latest breaking news and videos straight from the entertainment industry. Contact us: contact@yoursite.com © Newspaper WordPress Theme by TagDiv